refactor(store)!: more reworks (#1860)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: plugins/store/README.md

Afterwards all the plugin's APIs are available through the JavaScript guest bindings:

```typescript

> import { LazyStore } from '@tauri-apps/plugin-store'

Reviewer: Should be kept as `Store`, we can mention `LazyStore` afterwards in a note.

Author: I would like to push people to use `LazyStore` most of the times, what's your thoughts?

Reviewer: I usually don't like hidden/magic code, and so `LazyStore` should be sort of opt-in when you understand how it behaves, otherwise I fear we will receive issues that goes like this "I copied this snippet, but the behavior is not as I expected"

Reviewer: Showing what `LazyStore` offers after showing `Store` will explain it better and shows how it enhances over `Store`.

Author: I think a lazy store is what most people want, I would prefer we document the primitives after the higher level API `LazyStore` in this case

Reviewer: Doesn't make sense to show `LazyStore` after `Store`. As a user, I wouldn't understand what `LazyStore` does unless I understand `Store` first.

Author: `LazyStore` works exactly like the old `Store`, and it's quite simple to understand, but documenting the primitives also make sense, I'll change it

> import { createStore } from '@tauri-apps/plugin-store'

Reviewer: I think the function was renamed in last commit to just `create`

Author: Since this creates a new store every time, I think we should document `load` instead

} else {
  console.log('val is null')
}
```

### Persisting Values

> Modifications mode to the store are automatically saved by defaut

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifications made to the store are automatically saved by default
```

You can also create `Store` instances directly in Rust:

```rust
use tauri_plugin_store::StoreExt;
use serde_json::json;

fn main() {
    tauri::Builder::default()
        .plugin(tauri_plugin_store::Builder::default().build())
        .setup(|app| {
            // This loads the store from disk
            let store = app.store("app_data.json");

            // Note that values must be serde_json::Value instances,
            // otherwise, they will not be compatible with the JavaScript bindings.
            store.set("a".to_string(), json!("b"));
        })
        .run(tauri::generate_context!())
        .expect("error while running tauri application");
}
```

### Frontend Interoperability

> The store created from both Rust side and JavaScript side are stored in the app's resource table and can be accessed by both sides, you can access it by using the same path, with `getStore` and `LazyStore` in the JavaScript side and `get_store` and `store` in the Rust side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The store created from both Rust side and JavaScript side are stored in the app's resource table and can be accessed by both sides, you can access it by using the same path, with `getStore` and `Store` in the JavaScript side and `get_store` and `Store` in the Rust side
```
